Do these first introductory code sections quickly and efficiently.
So first we have to import the libraries and again that's going to be simple we're going to use Of course
by as always because we're going to work with arrays because these we'll create a simulation that will
be an array of 10000 lines each line corresponding to around and nine columns each column corresponding
to one of the nine strategies.
So you know strategy 1 will be on Column 1 strategy 2 will be on can to and etc. to strategy none will
be on 9.
And of course the cells have this huge array will contain either zeros or ones and we'll get to zero
if the strategy is selected at the corresponding round then lead to a conversion and a 1 if the strategy
is selected at the corresponding one lead to a conversion.
So we'll actually use non-Thai And let's not forget the practical shortcut.
And then we will also import is matplotlib because we'll make some visualizations in the end will plot
the histogram of the selections and there is going to be something more.
But I don't want to say what it is now because it will be part of the homework but anyway we'll needed
to import that Matt lot lib matplotlib that by blood.
And again we're going to use the shortcut fields.
All right.
Perfect.
And that's it.
That's the only two libraries we have to import.
And so now let's set the parameters.
So again this is going to be simple we only have two parameters to set.
This is going to be first the total number of rounds that will make the experiment.
That is the total number of customers connecting one by one you know one after the other to this online
retail business web site.
And so that makes around and you know the whole round is this process of trying to convert this customer
to subscribe to premium plan with either a pop up happening or an ad or an ad happening in email or
whatever.
You know there are many marketing techniques today that you can use to try to convert your customer
into anything subscription to buy something or any conversion.
And so number end here is going to be the total number of rounds that is the total number of customers
that we try to convert one after the other.
And for starters this is going to be ten thousand right 10000.
We're going to have 10000 rounds at first just to make sure you know our terms and something algorithm
can identify the best strategy and then the second parameter is going to be D which as you can guess
is just going to be the number of strategies.
And I put that as a parameter because you know you might want to experiment with more strategies or
less strategies.
And I encourage you to run many more simulations you know we'll run one simulation with the following
conversion rates.
But feel free to you know play with other conversion rates for example you can give some much lower
Each of them with a much smaller difference between the conversion rate of the best strategy and the
other conversion rates because here we have a difference of 0.04 between the best strategy and the second
best reges so it would not be that difficult for Thompson simply to identify the best one and therefore
to give more challenge.
Well what you can do is for example leave that to 0.20 and replace that or point nineteen.
And then again you can put that at 0.18 that there are some other simulations that you can run and therefore
let's add this parameter here in case you want to experiment with less or more strategies and that's
it.
Now we're ready to start the next section which will be about creating the simulation.
So this will take a couple of time you know a couple of minutes so we'll do that in next tutorial.
You know what to Bill already I told you about the array we're building.
So if you want you can try but there is going to be a trick we're going to use which has to do with
I'm going to give you a hint the Bernoulli distribution.
So let's check it out in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy AI.